what's up YouTube
this is solar solid black dude and today
I am going to show you an easy and
effective way to farm high skills in
Pokemon X or Y obviously you can do in
both but my version is X just pointing
that out don't need to but I have so
yeah okay
so I've been looking at some comments
recently and a few of them said where do
you find more hot skills I've got two or
three hostels I need more well this
video is going to show you that so first
off what you need to do is that you need
to go down to who ate and then just pick
in any fishing spot you don't need any
specific sport like you know if you
wanted to catch a feed bass for example
now you can fish from land or from water
but personally I prefer for multiple
calls you know just for me even though
it probably won't make a difference it's
just for me it happens more frequently
but it's up to you Mary that's not
really the important part
what's the important part it's the first
step not the first step as you saw
previously a few second ago is that you
need to use an old rod know a good rod
not a super rod you need an old rod
because an old rod is the best option to
use an old rod in route eight will fish
up love this as you can see right here
100% of the time
not like a five not ninety nine one zero
zero percent which means anytime you use
an old rod you'll be fishing up the
lovely log disc which is what we need
now obviously if you want to steal a
pokémon's item if I need a pokemon of
the thief as you can see my vivillon
Hill has two Pokemon move thief which is
good about thief is that you can still
and wild cook most items from them
and then it becomes your so you can be
fit and then run from battle or you can
be fit making things or you can catch it
you know there's many offers as many
options and varieties of as you can do
so as you can see I've just stolen the
iron so basically just do white it just
blue and use the on a Pokemon and then
you get item now what's good about thief
in this generation is that it's no
longer based 40 it's base 60 as you can
see right here so it still fits within
technician range if you want to
incorporate it into your competitive
battling what's also interesting is that
vivillon is a pokemon that has the
ability compound eyes now compound eyes
is an ability that were raised up with
accuracy but we're more interested in
the secondary effect of compound eyes
the secondary effect of compound eyes is
that it raises the chance of a wild
pokemon holding an item so basem held
item for love this is for high skill is
50%
so we've compromised that's going to be
even more than 50% so you know at least
50% wanting to love this you will find
will hold a high skill which is awesome
the villain is a useful pokemon in this
because i'm not sure how many pokeman
can earn compound eyes and feet but my
vivillon here has both of those tools
right here right now and that's what I'm
using thus this is what I've done to
farm particles I've probably got like a
dozen right now in a short space man
time you could say like maybe he maybe
he can get a husky or probably every two
to three times a minute
it depends on how quick you are but you
know the event depends on how quick a
lock you are you could go eight love
this without a hospital for example you
can go like seven horse kills in a row
it is entirely to lock but anyway as you
can see that's my moves earth I kind of
stopped before right you at the end
but yeah that's basically an effective
way to get hot skills and if you'd liked
it you can leave a like and yeah this
hope this video helped so I'll catch you
guys later
and peace